sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 172 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 261 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 214 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 250 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 328 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 231 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 283 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 334 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 239 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 341 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 306 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 231 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 110 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 268 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 143 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 215 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 354 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 402 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 249 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 249 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 221 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 324 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 173 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 293 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 291 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 344 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 349 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 367 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 345 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 267 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 298 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 283 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 127 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 338 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 299 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 121 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 242 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 221 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 251 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 235 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 247 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 362 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 268 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 243 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 329 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 237 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 275 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 309 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 358 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 396 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 347 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 235 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 277 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 398 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 251 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 250 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 382 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 328 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 327 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 261 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 328 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 277 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 274 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 315 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 301 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 339 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] okokBilling took 342.6142ms to execute a query!
    SELECT *, TIMESTAMPDIFF(HOUR, limit_pay_date, CURRENT_TIMESTAMP()) AS "timeLeft" FROM okokBilling WHERE status = ? ["unpaid"]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 380 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 341 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 180 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 397 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 427 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 316 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 261 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 235 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 378 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 321 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 353 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 366 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 290 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 277 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 410 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 108 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 397 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 118 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 403 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 367 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 403 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 383 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 176 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 407 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 280 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 188 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 383 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 391 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 173 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 427 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 427 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 189 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 397 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 391 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 379 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 359 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 459 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 172 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 354 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 396 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 412 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 416 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 429 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 107 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 422 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 316 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 147 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 135 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 503 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 452 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 144 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 404 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 440 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 400 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 450 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 108 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 371 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 433 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 432.3616ms to execute a query!
    SELECT COUNT(contract_id) as qtd FROM trucker_available_contracts []^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 366 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 434 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 432.1ms to execute a query!
    SELECT MIN(contract_id) as min FROM trucker_available_contracts []^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 412 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 492 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 493.7055ms to execute a query!
    DELETE FROM `trucker_available_contracts` WHERE contract_id = ?; [55759]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 192 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 435 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 375 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 370.9767ms to execute a query!
    INSERT INTO `trucker_available_contracts` (contract_type, contract_name, coords_index, price_per_km, cargo_type, fragile, valuable, fast, truck, trailer) VALUES (?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?); [0,"Transport of imported products",118,100,0,0,1,0,"man","docktrailer"]^0
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 266 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 291 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 321 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 394 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 305 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 221 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 324 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 454 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 314 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 345 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 356 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 407 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 396 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 373 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 172 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 354 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 388 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 246 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 392 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 413 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 342 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 339 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 378 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 378 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 368 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 368 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 338 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 137 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 417 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 346 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 153 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 296 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 413 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 432 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 182 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 352 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 376 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 300 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 436 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 327 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 345 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 303 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 296 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 391 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 413 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 141 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 347 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 347 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 192 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 426 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 376 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 369 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 264 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 290 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 150 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 134 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 325 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 343 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 344 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 314 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 131 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 397 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 381 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 358 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 306 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 253 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 192 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 378 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 310 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 290 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 141 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 283 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 336 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 370 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 388 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 388 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 313 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 266 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 172 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 180 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 306 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 231 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 299 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 395 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 431 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 385 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 136 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 343 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 395 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 431 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 410 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 127 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 137 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 116 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 360 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 401 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 126 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 336 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 361 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 189 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 107 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 289 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 275 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
^5[txAdminClient]^1 HeartBeat failed with code 0 and message: nil^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 112 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 233 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 372 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 153 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 356 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 386 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 141 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 116 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 381 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 348 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 378 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 247 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 352 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 393 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 315 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 321 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 152 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 397 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 391 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 110 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 146 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 417 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 348 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 426 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 113 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 372 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 353 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 123 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 121 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 296 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 333 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 127 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 259 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 314 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 123 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 366 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 394 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 221 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 326 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 325 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 189 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 272 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 318 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 318 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 289 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 302 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 163 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 295 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 346 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 188 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 258 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 329 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 288 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 243 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 301 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 247 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 347 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 277 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 310 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 340 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 108 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 314 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 250 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 323 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 350 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 269 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 270 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 102 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 237 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 285 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 120 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 274 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 410 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 359 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 282 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 137 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 291 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 129 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 320 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 292 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 291 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 258 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 280 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 279 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 320 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 321 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 454 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 435 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 143 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 366 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 393 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 333 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 392 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 134 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 286 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 353 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 111 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 392 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 344 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 134 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 102 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 231 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 258 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 149 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 278 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 292 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 144 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 307 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 137 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 118 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 319 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 150 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 138 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 108 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 410 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 335 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 340 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 220 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 155 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 140 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 149 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 124 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 190 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 312 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 308 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 182 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 276 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 180 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 180 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 276 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 361 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 272 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 120 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 110 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 379 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 295 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 227 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 338 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 343 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 256 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 135 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 158 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 261 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 264 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 314 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 280 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 303 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 188 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 299 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 280 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 298 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 351 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 242 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 287 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 128 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 282 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 311 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 292 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 263 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 341 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 236 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 165 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 421 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 336 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 267 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 388 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 350 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 233 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 367 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 398 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 331 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 325 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 269 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 259 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 155 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 264 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 268 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 315 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 327 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 143 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 176 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 214 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 176 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 239 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 228 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 176 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 227 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] okokBilling took 207.5297ms to execute a query!
    SELECT *, TIMESTAMPDIFF(HOUR, limit_pay_date, CURRENT_TIMESTAMP()) AS "timeLeft" FROM okokBilling WHERE status = ? ["unpaid"]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 308 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 253 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 194 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 113 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 246 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 123 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 275 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 242 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 238 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 165 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 113 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 173 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 147 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 123 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 113 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 256 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 256 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 270 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 107 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 227 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 284 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 377 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 327 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 121 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 236 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 353 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 319 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 274 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 146 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 329 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 290 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 292 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 112 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 259 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 221 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 116 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 342 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 343 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 120 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 336 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 250 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 238 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 288 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 321 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 144 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 300 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 161 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 243 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 163 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 299 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 233 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 308 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 152 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 390 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 139 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 369 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 312 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 150 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 413 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 379 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 127 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 237 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 427 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 427.2839ms to execute a query!
    SELECT COUNT(contract_id) as qtd FROM trucker_available_contracts []^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 291 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 147 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 413 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 454 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 455.8901ms to execute a query!
    SELECT MIN(contract_id) as min FROM trucker_available_contracts []^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 143 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 359 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 367 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 368.087ms to execute a query!
    DELETE FROM `trucker_available_contracts` WHERE contract_id = ?; [55760]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 269 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] truck_logistics took 260.0319ms to execute a query!
    INSERT INTO `trucker_available_contracts` (contract_type, contract_name, coords_index, price_per_km, cargo_type, fragile, valuable, fast, truck, trailer) VALUES (?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?); [1,"Oil tank",159,218.4,3,0,0,0,null,"tanker2"]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 111 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 342 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 341 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 158 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 316 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 310 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 138 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 269 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 270 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 393 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 270 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 289 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 325 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 324 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 153 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 361 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 214 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 276 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 215 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 303 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 108 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 119 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 310 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 342 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 288 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 303 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 220 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 250 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 131 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 187 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 277 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 268 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 150 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 161 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 182 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 110 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 103 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 244 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 111 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 260 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 110 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 113 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 106 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 227 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 217 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 161 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 318 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 272 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 116 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 203 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 102 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 102 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 191 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 150 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 189 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 162 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 157 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 174 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 133 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 176 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 220 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 115 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 215 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 134 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 225 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 214 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 256 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 262 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 238 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 265 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 259 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 239 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 183 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 207 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 193 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 220 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 163 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 177 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 288 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 180 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 124 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 184 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 346 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 324 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 102 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 117 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 238 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 127 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 249 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 245 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 160 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 212 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 232 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 236 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 120 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 338 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 342 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 164 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 223 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 266 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 279 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 258 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 287 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 280 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 292 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 301 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 238 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 349 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 148 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 199 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 185 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 161 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 124 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 248 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 122 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 286 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 290 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 125 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 213 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 179 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 197 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 178 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 205 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 156 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 283 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 281 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 255 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 216 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 332 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 349 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 124 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 254 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 126 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 357 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 387 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 283 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 285 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 330 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 331 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 229 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 237 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 322 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 230 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 134 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 173 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 219 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 172 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 163 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 152 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 251 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 297 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 136 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 294 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 136 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 273 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 304 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 128 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 362 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 241 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 142 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 308 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 312 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] qb-crypto took 314.0221ms to execute a query!
    INSERT INTO crypto (worth, history) VALUES (?, ?) ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE worth = ?, history = ? [964,"[{\"PreviousWorth\":962,\"NewWorth\":964},{\"PreviousWorth\":997,\"NewWorth\":1000},{\"PreviousWorth\":1000,\"NewWorth\":999},{\"PreviousWorth\":999,\"NewWorth\":994}]",964,"[{\"PreviousWorth\":962,\"NewWorth\":964},{\"PreviousWorth\":997,\"NewWorth\":1000},{\"PreviousWorth\":1000,\"NewWorth\":999},{\"PreviousWorth\":999,\"NewWorth\":994}]"]^0
^3[WARNING] qb-crypto took 314.8859ms to execute a query!
    SELECT * FROM crypto WHERE crypto = ? ["qbit"]^0
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 146 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 211 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 215 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 247 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 252 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 226 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 240 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 224 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 271 milliseconds
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 151 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 218 milliseconds
^3[WARNING] qb-dmvschool took 222.4528ms to execute a query!
    SELECT * FROM players WHERE 1 []^0
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 257 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 202 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 208 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 107 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 152 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 175 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 154 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 185 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 234 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 259 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 282 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 140 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 198 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 210 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 204 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 206 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 145 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 131 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 131 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 124 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 209 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 168 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 136 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 109 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 170 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 153 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 167 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 105 milliseconds
network thread hitch warning: timer interval of 186 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 201 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 165 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 181 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 128 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 138 milliseconds
`^0Cho^1c^0o` [^4CORE^0] [^6Information^0] Saved Logs into => ^3MLOs/logs/log.txt^0
`^0Choc^1o^0` [^4Global Bans^0] [^2Success^0] Refreshing Global Ban List
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 256 milliseconds
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
1
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
^2[qb-core]^7 Father has succesfully loaded!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
`^1C^0hoco` [^4CORE^0] [^6Information^0] Saved Logs into => ^3MLOs/logs/log.txt^0
`^0C^1h^0oco` [^4Global Bans^0] [^2Success^0] Refreshing Global Ban List
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 101 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 114 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 196 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 132 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 165 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 153 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 189 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 169 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 159 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 195 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 130 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 152 milliseconds
server thread hitch warning: timer interval of 171 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 200 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 222 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 111 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 166 milliseconds
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 104 milliseconds
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
[qb-dmvschool] Fetching Database!
[32m[qb-core:LOG][0m Father PLAYER SAVED!
sync thread hitch warning: timer interval of 112 milliseconds
